[Music]
with the sound of music
with songs they have sung for a thousand
years
[Laughter]
as I sound your signals you will step
four and give your names you frontline
will listen carefully learn their
signals so you can call them and you
want them the celebrated play that
delighted the world actually
photographed amidst the wondrous
beauties of Salzburg Austria with the
performance of a lifetime by the screens
brightest star Julie Andrews in the
glorious role of Maria how do you solve
the problem night Maria how do you catch
a cloud and pin it down how do you find
a word that means Maria makes me laugh
[Music]
Maria who entered the strange new world
of Captain Von Trapp and captivated his
seven children with a magical spell of
song girls in white dresses with blue
satin sashes snowflakes that stay on my
nose and eyelashes silver white winters
that melt into Springs these are a few
of my favorite
Froylan
did I not tell you that bedtime is
strictly to be observed in this house
you did sir
and do you or do you not have difficulty
remembering such simple instructions
only during thunderstorm sir here two
new numbers specially written for the
picture by Richard Rogers plus Rodgers
and Hammerstein's immortal songs' doe a
deer a female deer ray a drop of Golden
Sun me a name I call myself far a long
long way to run
I am sixteen going on seventeen I know
that I'm not
oh please captain love them love them
all I don't care to hear anything
further from your my so deceased yes you
are you will pack your things this
minute
and return to the Abbey Captain Von
Trapp are you in love with him
I don't know I don't know I
the Baroness said I was she said that he
was in love with me but I didn't want to
believe it you're far away where are you
well that's disappearing
anyway I can bring you back to the world
I'm him
I love you so somewhere in my use for
childhood I must have done something
[Music]
here is the perfect motion picture that
touches every note in the whole scale of
human emotions
[Music]
you